Interview Details – Round 1:

1. Explain and Write KnapSack Algo with Memorization
2. Given a undirected graph, clone it. Now if the undirected graph has the neighbors with the nodes as same data - how do you make sure you create the exact same branches and also how do you make sure you don't run into loops for the exact node. He gave a empty directed graph and asked me write code after that.
3. Given two Btrees. these trees "may" have right and left branches swapped. Now compare it.

Round 2:
1. Given a N different open and close braces in a string "( { [ } ] )". How do you check whether the string has matching braces.
2. Given a unsorted array. Create a balanced BTREE
3. Print a tree like (Parent ( leftchild (leftchild, rightchild), rightchild(leftchild,rightchild) ) )

Round 3:
Given a kernal code in "0"th machine. How soon you can replicate the kernal across N machines. Now if the machines has upload and download bandwidth constraints, how can you impove the copy time.

Round 4:
1. Design Short URL.
2. Given a List with duplicate Strings, how do you remove duplicate Strings

Round 5:
1. How do you design a Maze and what kind of data structures you use for Maze.
2. Now print the shorted path from start to end point.


Merge sorted, non-overlapping list of intervals with another interval [(1,3), (5,10), (12,30)] + (9,31) = [(1,3), (5,31)]   View Answer
Implement a system so that the billionth search query at Google each day wins a car



 given K files and N machines, N is much larger than K. given function long sum(int fileID,int machineID) which use particular machine calculate the sum of file. Question:write function which calculate the sum of all files 


 Phone Chat with Aari

 1) Design Youtube suggestion on the web
 2) Design Watch next after watching the video
 3) Design phone google search (or) how do you categorize the search (or) build search engine ..optimization
 4) career cup and glassdoor 

 https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=3215949&goback=
 